dev/pdf417censo/com/LoginActivity.java
 dev.pdf417censo.com.LoginActivity
 dev.pdf417censo.com.LoginActivity$1
 dev.pdf417censo.com.LoginActivity$2
 dev.pdf417censo.com.LoginActivity$3
dev/pdf417censo/com/CustomUIDemoApp.java
 dev.pdf417censo.com.CustomUIDemoApp
dev/pdf417censo/com/ResultActivity.java
 dev.pdf417censo.com.ResultActivity
 dev.pdf417censo.com.ResultActivity$1
dev/pdf417censo/com/databinding/ActivityResultBinding.java
 dev.pdf417censo.com.databinding.ActivityResultBinding
dev/pdf417censo/com/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 dev.pdf417censo.com.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
dev/pdf417censo/com/databinding/ScanRegionOverlayBinding.java
 dev.pdf417censo.com.databinding.ScanRegionOverlayBinding
dev/pdf417censo/com/CustomUIScanActivity.java
 dev.pdf417censo.com.CustomUIScanActivity
 dev.pdf417censo.com.CustomUIScanActivity$1
 dev.pdf417censo.com.CustomUIScanActivity$2
 dev.pdf417censo.com.CustomUIScanActivity$2$1
 dev.pdf417censo.com.CustomUIScanActivity$3
 dev.pdf417censo.com.CustomUIScanActivity$3$1
 dev.pdf417censo.com.CustomUIScanActivity$4
 dev.pdf417censo.com.CustomUIScanActivity$4$1
 dev.pdf417censo.com.CustomUIScanActivity$5
 dev.pdf417censo.com.CustomUIScanActivity$6
 dev.pdf417censo.com.CustomUIScanActivity$7
dev/pdf417censo/com/BuildConfig.java
 dev.pdf417censo.com.BuildConfig
dev/pdf417censo/com/databinding/ActivityPickDataBinding.java
 dev.pdf417censo.com.databinding.ActivityPickDataBinding
dev/pdf417censo/com/databinding/ActivitySplashAnimatedBinding.java
 dev.pdf417censo.com.databinding.ActivitySplashAnimatedBinding
dev/pdf417censo/com/data/PersonaContract.java
 dev.pdf417censo.com.data.PersonaContract
 dev.pdf417censo.com.data.PersonaContract$PersonaEntry
dev/pdf417censo/com/databinding/ActivityPickUserDataBinding.java
 dev.pdf417censo.com.databinding.ActivityPickUserDataBinding
dev/pdf417censo/com/databinding/CameraOverlayBinding.java
 dev.pdf417censo.com.databinding.CameraOverlayBinding
dev/pdf417censo/com/PickDataActivity.java
 dev.pdf417censo.com.PickDataActivity
 dev.pdf417censo.com.PickDataActivity$1
 dev.pdf417censo.com.PickDataActivity$2
 dev.pdf417censo.com.PickDataActivity$3
 dev.pdf417censo.com.PickDataActivity$4
 dev.pdf417censo.com.PickDataActivity$5
 dev.pdf417censo.com.PickDataActivity$6
 dev.pdf417censo.com.PickDataActivity$7
dev/pdf417censo/com/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 dev.pdf417censo.com.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
dev/pdf417censo/com/data/TinyDB.java
 dev.pdf417censo.com.data.TinyDB
dev/pdf417censo/com/databinding/ActivityCustomUiScanBinding.java
 dev.pdf417censo.com.databinding.ActivityCustomUiScanBinding
dev/pdf417censo/com/SplashActivity.java
 dev.pdf417censo.com.SplashActivity
dev/pdf417censo/com/data/Persona.java
 dev.pdf417censo.com.data.Persona
dev/pdf417censo/com/data/PersonasDbHelper.java
 dev.pdf417censo.com.data.PersonasDbHelper
dev/pdf417censo/com/MainActivity.java
 dev.pdf417censo.com.MainActivity
 dev.pdf417censo.com.MainActivity$1
 dev.pdf417censo.com.MainActivity$2
dev/pdf417censo/com/PickUserDataActivity.java
 dev.pdf417censo.com.PickUserDataActivity
 dev.pdf417censo.com.PickUserDataActivity$1
 dev.pdf417censo.com.PickUserDataActivity$2
 dev.pdf417censo.com.PickUserDataActivity$3
 dev.pdf417censo.com.PickUserDataActivity$4
 dev.pdf417censo.com.PickUserDataActivity$5
